# Data Science Blogpost
Data analysis repository for Udacity Data Scientist Nanodegree blogpost project

# Installation 
Extra libraries that are not installed with the Anaconda distribution, as well as what what version of python you are using should be noted.
Additional library requirements can be found in 'requirements.txt'.
Python 3.* should allow the code to run without issues

# Project Motivation
For this project I was interested in international health statistics to better understand:
1. What factors most affect life expectancy?
2. What countries of the world have the highest and lowest life expectancy? Why?
3. How does development status affect life expectancy?
4. Can life expectancy be predicted based on the data available here?

# File Descriptions
.ipynb files: Features all actual working code
vis directory: Contains .json files of plotly visualisations generated in jupyter notebooks
Life_Expectancy_Data.csv obtained from Kaggle (see acknowledgements)
Life_Expectancy_Data_Cleaned.csv generated by jupyter notebooks, is the cleaned version of Life_Expectancy_Data.csv
requirements.txt: Python library requirements to run the notebooks within this repository
life_expectancy_data_profiling_report.html: Generated by pandas_profiling library. Summarises columns in dataset

# Results
The results of this analysis can be found in a blog post here(insert hyperlink when done)

# Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements
The Life_Expectancy_data csv dataset has been obtained from Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/kumarajarshi/life-expectancy-who
Credit for this dataset is given to the World Health Organisation who collected the data.
All code within this repository has been solely developed for this project and is available for public use. Functions developed with help from other sites are given credit within the function documentation.
